Guys, I think the point of the class is to be able to learn to answer interesting questions we may have. We should be using this oportunity to hone the 
skills we need to answer thos questions. So ask yourselves, what APIs, would I want to start getting familiarized with?

I have a few suggestions of questions we can try to answer:

1. Restaurant

What is the best location in Austin to open a restaurant (Chick-fil-a for example).

We can do a map where we visualize the current chickfill-a locations with markers or as sized circles (depicting the areas they served by each location)
and overlap that map with say a heat map that has the food establishments the areas where the most red is visible may be a good opportunity for a chickfilla.

We could also add a third color heat map where we show population density or household income to see which areas left unserved are the best fit.

2. Politics.

We can try to figure out the demographics of, say, the most purple districts or find out a specific subset of the voter population that historically votes a certain way
 and find which districts added more of those voters since the last election either by age or by migration

We could make multiple graphs of the demographics and make an analysis of a possible campaign strategy. This is probably somewhat impressive and not that complicated. Itd be just graphs of the same data set.

Or We can find the districts with the highest turnover and figure out the changes in demographics in that district since the last census.

OR we can try to find a simple correlation between say health and education/income or go further and look into health (obesity) and voter patterns.

3. Music

What shows will be more likely to sell out.

We need a list of shows that have sold out (artist, date, city, venue, venue capacity) this can be a fake one just to try it out.
We can compare the popularity of that band (or songs) at the time of the show 

I'm probably the least proficient of the team so I dont want to impose anything but think about what APIs

We can discuss tomorrow.